West Nile
Stuff I am finding:
Public health officials believe hot summer temperatures increase Culex mosquito production, which in turn increases the proportion of birds infected with WNV and the risk of disease to humans.

Control of Culex Larvae Is a Priority.  Although WNV has been detected in several species of mosquitoes, about 70 percent of the positive samples have been from Culex pipiens (the house mosquito) and related species of Culex. The house mosquito breeds most prolifically in stagnant water that has a heavy organic content. In urban areas, catch basins, poorly draining ditches and water-filled artificial containers (such as used tires) are common production sites for Culex mosquitoes. Additionally, most of the house mosquitoes present in a community are produced locally because the house mosquito does not fly more than one or two miles from its production site.

The most effective method of mosquito control is larviciding or the treatment of locations where mosquito larvae are present, such as water impounded in the bottom of catch basins (storm drains). Catch basins are found along streets, in parking lots and sometimes in backyards. Because catch basins are a major source of the house mosquito in urban areas, the Department recommends they be treated at least twice during the summer to control Culex mosquitoes. Ideally, municipalities should treat catch basins and other locations that produce Culex mosquitoes as often as determined necessary by inspection and according to insecticide label directions (Table 1 for a list of mosquito larvicides). However, a minimum response by a municipality should be to treat catch basins and other Culex production sites twice during the summer (June and July). This would reduce numbers of vector mosquitoes during late summer, the period of greatest risk for humans.

Spraying for Adult Mosquitoes: Adult mosquito control (also called fogging, spraying or adulticiding) is the mosquito control method most familiar to the public. However, aerosol fog kills only mosquitoes that contact insecticide droplets, and the fog soon dissipates. Although the local mosquito population is reduced, fogging does not prevent mosquitoes from re-entering the area. Because only a part of the local adult mosquito population is reduced for a few days by fogging, municipalities should give priority to larval mosquito control of Culex mosquitoes. Nonetheless, when the risk of human disease is present, the only method that will reduce the population of WNV-infected mosquitoes throughout a community is adulticiding. Treatment for control of WNV-infected adult mosquitoes is a valid and legal option for local officials to employ as a supplement to larviciding.
 
To be effective, spraying for adult mosquitoes MUST be conducted when suitable environmental conditions are present. Fogging for adult mosquitoes should ONLY be conducted at the proper time (evening or early morning) and under appropriate environmental conditions (temperatures from 60 degrees to 85 degrees Fahrenheit and low wind speeds). For ultra-low volume (ULV) spraying units to control mosquitoes, they MUST be serviced so they produce a proper droplet size spectrum. Consult the pesticide label and manufacturer's recommendations for further information.

Note: Mosquito larvicides with methoprene or Bacillus sphaericus as the active ingredient have been found to be particularly effective for control of Culex mosquito larvae in catch basins.

http://www.dph.illinois.gov/topics-services/diseases-and-conditions/west-nile-virus/vector-control
First, I stacked the test and train in order to do the same transformations and feature engineering to both. Before training the model, I will split them back.
Each date had 2 records, 1 for each station. Since I was planing to join this dataset to the training data on the date, I merged the 2 station records together using a custom python processor. Then I noticed that most of the missing values were due to the fact that station 2 never reports certain values, so I deleted those columns.
Finally, the remaining missing values were fixed by copying the same value of the other station.
I split the data back into train and test (based on whether the West Nile Virus column is present or not), and built a model using the analyze function.
weather codes (e.g. TS for thunderstorm, or RA BR for rain and mist). Rather than treating is as categorical, it made more sense to use counts vectorization (in this case the counts will be 0 or 1 for each code).

https://blog.dataiku.com/first-take-on-the-kaggle-west-nile-virus-competition
